A first definition for these methods would be 
Audio fingerprinting is defined as techniques which involve obtain some representation or summary deterministically from an audio signal which later can be used for identification purposes.
Watermarking is It’s the process to hide embed information into a carrier signal/content that might be from other signal domain.

The system has to use these kinds of algorithms to achieve a tolerable synchronization for prototype.
The audio fingerprinting for identification of flow and watermarking for processing and verification to be able to 
provide information in time to synchronize.
The audio fingerprinting recognizes a clip from microphone/random segment with a model for the noise and gives the 
best match according to a database of audios by the comparison between the audio fingerprints of the clip and the songs where 
the feature of construction is the FFT frequencies with high energy.
The watermarking system is the union between a encoding/decoding process.
The called encoder receives the match song and add to it message sequence generated by a key every specified number of seconds 
with certain strength given by a factor. 
The called decoder receives the watermarked audio and by the previous parameters if correct decodes the message given so it can 
be enabled the display of certain feature content.

The model of communication is a master device which recognize the audio needed and 
process it to insert certain pattern, this process can’t give audible distortions. 
The slave device gets the pattern found and if it corresponds gives extra information at the time to synchronize.
a prototype was developed that integrates these systems where we evaluate also different communications protocols 
or methodologies to improve the user experience. Interfaces were constructed using Matlab in full and 
especial design in a mobile application for the slave device using Simulink.Also for security was implemented the creation 
of a key that specifies how the watermark sequence is created and also identifies the song in the database, so in this kind of 
informed watermark system don’t have the correct key leads to get less detection of watermarks and suspect
it comes from not authorized sources.

The system has certain sensibility when the master section identifies the track via microphone, also between connection 
we see the best one was via usb sending the audio watermarked file directly with the program. 
Other communications protocols of wireless type were considered as Bluetooth, 
the first problem with it was a limit in the payload size, so we pretend in the future the use of TCP/IP protocol
for the sending of the audio package, but overall for prototype purposes the sending of the audio via Bluetooth/ or load 
via usb is fine por prototype purporses.
INTRODUCTION 
Stenography is the science of those techniques that allow you to hide information in objects so that they are not perceptible. 
It is a recent field where their increased use has been for protection of information along with recognition techniques. 
However, in recent years it comes finding development for the improvement of the multimedia experience with intelligent electronic devices. This is the case of automatic recognition of content for interaction in secondary displays. These last ones which can be smartphones, tablets, consoles, among others. 
The functions of the different interactions between bases have strong foundation in the technologies that will cover this final project thesis: watermarking and fingerprinting. 

In their deployments, interactions with secondary screens are prone to factors as delayed synchronization of contents, robustness 
to noise and interference, quality of output, drifting among others. A relative amount of algorithms that can 
compensate for these problems under certain trade offs have been established. The complexity, computational cost, robustness 
and performance, differ a lot of depending the methods has required additional approaches to improve the efficiency 
of the operation in an application that is used, which is precisely what seeks to verify 
and investigate in this thesis, in this case trying to as the primary type of work audio.


